Yoga you're still here I see yeah sure
now don't go into it okay very good
did you want to review another movie
yeah oh what movie are you gonna review
for us now it's live
no no one imagined earlier I don't know
because I interview a lot of movie but I
don't remember what you want all right
all right well luckily I know so here's
Yaya talking about the movie captain
Phillips
hi I'm Maya I'm talking about Tom Hanks
movie captain Phillips
I got picture with him Tom and it's been
in a lot of movie long time luckily
Chevy's hair and his mom the lady what
his name I forget her name
Sally fellas here mom in the movie and
what movie do I forget bhishambar t you
do the movie oh he's in the boat and the
boat break and he go to the island and
he try eat coconut the one is called
lost you know when we have big beer in
this captain Phillips read a story and
go and the people you want to stall the
boat and no lead with him all man in the
board and you have the people from
Somalian running the boat and you tell
him I'm the captain now he's Tom Hanks
the other story I know it because my
friend is saw it and he tell me the
story I don't see it with my eyes
and so then one guy the green the ball
and the guys sitting is cavaldi and the
guy goes slowly down like maybe ten feet
far from the water it's Travolta shark
jump up and hit him in the water and
watch that movie captain Phillips and
and I don't know what because I don't
see the movie but everybody watch it the
movie is good movie and I watch it soon
okay I up oh you saw yeah and do
you agree with your review yeah I love
you okay good